GitHub approval (#7)
cybertec-postgresql/today-i-learned-content: posts/TEMPLATE/index.md

---
date: 2030-12-31 # Auto updates on publish.
title: Get Pull Request Approval with the GitHub API (v4)
author: sascha.lampalzer@cybertec.at
tags: ["github", "graphql", "typescript"] # max. 10 tags; lowercase; dash-separated
description: "Natively the GitHub API does not provide a way to get a pull request's approval status. Here's a workaround." # max. 300 chars.
---

> Natively the GitHub API does not provide a way to get a pull request's approval status. Here's a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Natively, the GitHub API does not provide a way to obtain a pull request's approval status. 
```

> It is necessary to compare the date of the newest commit and the date of last approval, because new commits automatically invalidate any approvals (Default behavior, can be configured.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to compare the date of the newest commit and the date of last approval, because new commits automatically invalidate any approvals (default behavior, can be configured).
```
